Sprint Plan 3


Sprint Planning Meeting Date: 10/02/2023 (11:00 AM to 12:00 PM)


Meeting Attendees:
        Srikruthi Vedantham – svedant3@asu.edu
                Sidharth Koyipallil Sivaprasad – sksivapr@asu.edu
                Sesha Sai Aneeswar Kalisapudi – skalisap@asu.edu
                Sai Vardhan Reddy Ainavolu – sainavol@asu.edu
                Vashishtha Nareshbhai Patel – vpatel58@asu.edu


Sprint Taskboard: 
https://tree.taiga.io/project/vardhanreddy-517_capstopne_team_1/taskboard/sprint-3-7855


Sprint Goals:
This sprint mainly focussed on implementing the backend, alongside integration with the frontend. While doing so, make the frontend compatible with the changes that might be needed for the integration. We will also work on the frontend more to make it more efficient. We would also focus on the user login authorisation and user creation module and session management module.


User Stories and Tasks:
User Story 39: As a website administrator, I want to be able to have a session management system in place to ensure the security and seamless user experience of the online platform.
        Estimation: 10
Estimation Criteria: For this user story, the user needs a session management system that provides them with utmost security during access of the system.
Acceptance criteria: User should be able to successfully and securely login into the system and should logout from the system automatically when not in use for specified time.
Task 48: System Security Verification
                Assigned to: Vashishtha Nareshbhai Patel
        Task 49: Error Handling
                Assigned to: Srikruthi Vedantham
Task 50: Security Testing
                Assigned to: Sidharth Koyipallil Sivaprasad


User Story 40: As a system administrator, I want to be able to have efficient user administration capabilities to manage user accounts and permissions effectively within our system.
        Estimation: 13
Estimation Criteria: For this user story, the user needs management capabilities so they can efficiently monitor, edit and maintain the user accounts securely.
Acceptance criteria: User should be able to securely manage all the accounts of the system efficiently.
Task 47: User Login Functionality
                Assigned to: Sesha Sai Aneeswar Kalisapudi
        Task 52: Database Implementation
                Assigned to: Vashishtha Nareshbhai Patel
Task 53: Password Management
                Assigned to: Sai Vardhan Reddy Ainavolu


User Story 41: As a product owner. I want to be able to have the frontend and backend of the application to be seamlessly integrated to ensure a cohesive and responsive user experience.
        Estimation: 20
Estimation Criteria: For this user story, the user needs smooth transmission from one page to another, effective connection between frontend, backend and databases to make sure the user's experience is great.
Acceptance criteria: User should be able to access the system and have a successful transition from one page to another which will ensure great integration with the backend. 
Task 42: Login Page to backend Integration
                Assigned to: Sesha Sai Aneeswar Kalisapudi
        Task 43: Dashboard to backend Integration
                Assigned to: Sai Vardhan Reddy Ainavolu
Task 44: Activity page to backend Integration
                Assigned to: Sidharth Koyipallil Sivaprasad
Task 45: Frontend for activity management
                Assigned to: Sidharth Koyipallil Sivaprasad
        Task 46: Documentation
                Assigned to: Srikruthi Vedantham
Task 51: Session cache system implementation
                Assigned to: Sai Vardhan Reddy Ainavolu


        
Next Meeting Date: Oct 16, 2023